♪ It's the most wonderful time ♪
♪ Of the year ♪
♪ With the kids jingle-belling ♪
♪ And everyone telling you
Be of good cheer ♪
- ♪ It's the most wonderful time ♪
- ♪ It's the most ♪
- ♪ Wonderful time ♪
- ♪ Of the year ♪
- ♪ Wonderful, the most wonderful time ♪
- ♪ Come on ♪
- ♪ It's the happiest season of all ♪
- ♪ The happiest season ♪
♪ The happiest season of all
It's the happiest season ♪
♪ With those holiday greetings
And gay happy meetings ♪
- ♪ When friends come to call ♪
- ♪ Friends come to call ♪
- ♪ It's the happiest season of all ♪
- ♪ The happiest season of all ♪
♪ There'll be parties for hosting
Marshmallows for toasting ♪
- ♪ And caroling out in the snow ♪
- ♪ Caroling out in the snow ♪
♪ There'll be scary ghost stories
And tales of the glories ♪
♪ Of Christmases long, long ago ♪
♪ So long, so long, so long ago ♪
- ♪ It's the most wonderful time ♪
- ♪ The wonderful time ♪
- ♪ Of the year ♪
- ♪ The most wonderful... ♪
No!
There go the holidays.
Oh! Christmas is ruined!
Come on!
- ♪ Loved ones are near ♪
- ♪ Your loved ones are near ♪
- ♪ It's the most wonderful time ♪
- ♪ The most, the most ♪
- ♪ Of the year ♪
- ♪ The most wonderful ♪
♪ Wonderful, oh! ♪
♪ If your heart's glowing
You sing eh-oh, eh-oh! ♪
Merry Christmas to me.
♪ If the love's flowing
You sing eh-oh, eh-oh! ♪
♪ Wherever you're going
♪ Wherever you're going ♪
♪ I think we all know it
It's the most wonderful! ♪
It's canceled?
Can you get another flight?
I do not want to spend Christmas Eve
alone in Manhattan.
Tanner. It's Christmas.
A time for miracles.
I'm on four standby lists.
Trust me, I'm gonna make it home on time
for the Pentatonix show.
Yeah, which we go to every year.
Which we always have an amazing time at.
And guess what?
There's not gonna be any traffic
on Route 9 tomorrow, so,
we'll be able to open our gifts at home
right before the parade.
Layla, that's a lot of miracles.
Yeah, and there's
one more Christmas miracle left.
You have time to get an Awesome Blossom
before Chili's To-Go closes?
No, I already checked.
They're closed, but...
this is a corporate trip,
which means I use my corporate card,
which means...
- ♪ The most wonderful time ♪
- ♪ The most wonderful... ♪
...I get lounge access.
Ta-da! Christmas miracle.
- ♪ Of the year ♪
- ♪ Wherever you're going ♪
- ♪ The most wonderful time of the year! ♪
- ♪ Yeah! ♪
- Oh. Um...
- Oh, no.
- Go ahead.
- I'm sorry. No, you can have it.
No, no, no. I insist.
- I've already had four.
- Four?
- I get a little excited at a buffet, so...
I'm not really, uh, in the lounge often.
Oh well, I mean, if that’s the case,
then you have to have it.
- You sure?
- Positive.
- Okay.
- But a little pro-tip.
These taste way better
with some Sriracha on them.
Go for it.
Thanks. Just...
Pow!
Voilà.
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Yeah.
- Oh! I'm so sorry.
- Oh, you know, it's, um...
- Can I help you? My hands are a little--
No, I got it.
Last minute gifts, you know.
Merry Christmas.
No more for me, thank you.
- Merry Christmas.
Mm-hm.
- No, I just spoke to Santa. That's right.
No storm is stopping him, okay?
Okay?
Uncle James loves you.
I'll be there when you wake up.
All right, bye.
There's a spot.
It'll work.
Merry Christmas to me.
Did I say that out loud?
You did.
Sorry, you know what,
I said the same thing 20 minutes ago.
It's not exactly
an ideal Christmas Eve, right?
- No. Uh...
- Somebody sitting there?
No, go for it.
As long as you don't judge me
for how many glasses of wine I drink while
watching It's a Wonderful Life.
As long as you don't judge me if I cry
when everybody
brings the money out at the end.
- Whoa, okay.
I didn't know I'd meet Jimmy Stewart
here at the, uh, airport lounge.
- Not quite, but, um...
I'm James.
- You don't look like a Mary.
- No, I'm a Layla.
A Layla?
- Mm-hm. Yeah.
- Okay.
Nice to meet you, a Layla.
♪ Christmas song... ♪
- Christmas in Paris, a 1000%.
- Always been at the top of my bucket list.
- I know, right? Me too.
The architecture and, like,
out on the Christmas markets
like a fairy tale.
Maybe one day.
Yeah.
♪ Laughter melts away the cold... ♪
- So, this is Derek.
He graduated from Langston in three years,
and now he's a coder at Google.
Langston, like, in Oklahoma?
Oh, okay.
Somebody knows
their, uh, historical Black universities.
I mean, I am a Morehouse man myself,
but enough about me.
You paid for all these kids
to go to school?
Oh well, not me personally,
but, um, the nonprofit, yeah.
HBCUs is our focus.
Basically, you're a saint with an MBA.
No, I'm no saint.
Believe me, I still steal toilet paper
from the office all the time.
Oh!
- Hold up.
This guy dropped a bunch of these earlier.
He must have dropped one inside my bag.
I don't see him, though.
Might as well just keep it.
Probably never see him again, right?
- Maybe you can use it for something.
Hm.
Paper clips?
Jinx.
- That doesn't happen all the time.
- Yeah, no.
This is definitely not where I expected
to spend my Christmas.
Tell me about it.
I should be at my sister's
building gingerbread houses
with my nephew now.
- That is so sweet.
- I mean...
Uh, now, Tanner and I would be walking out
of the Pentatonix Christmas Eve show.
Who's Pentatonix?
Seriously?
You don't know who Pentatonix is?
Okay, hold on. Hold on.
Oh, this is so good. Hold on.
Here, uh, one for you...
All right, beautiful.
- Here we go.
- All right.
♪ Hang all the mistletoe
I'm gonna get to know you better... ♪
It's the first time
it actually felt like Christmas today.
- I know, right?
- For real.
This is why I go to the city every year.
- To go see them in concert.
♪ How much fun it's gonna be together... ♪
Looks like my flight is boarding.
Oh.
Well...
Miss Layla.
This is the best version
of being stranded in the airport.
Same.
Okay, look.
I got to say,
I know you got a boyfriend,
but hypothetically,
if two people met
and had the kind of connection we had,
we'd probably think
they're meant to be together, right?
You mean, hypothetically,
if those two people were single?
- Which I am...
- Not.
But who knows?
Who knows? Maybe a year from now--
Are you hoping
for the demise of my relationship?
No.
I mean, maybe a little,
but I'm just saying.
If somehow
we both end up single, no commitments...
Look.
I'm very committed.
Uh, I'm not trying to uncommit.
- But hear me out.
- Hm?
- You just put me on to Pentatonix, right?
- Yeah.
On Christmas Eve... What if we meet
next Christmas at their concert?
But only if, for some unimaginable,
unforeseen, and probably unlikely reason,
you end up single.
Let fate decide.
- Fate?
- Yeah, fate.
No last names, no social media.
- Fate.
- Hm.
We either see each other at that concert
or never again.
Flight 808.
- Attention all passengers on flight 808.
- Um, okay.
- Your flight is now boarding...
- Okay?
- Yeah.
- It's a date?
It's a maybe. Um-- Um--
A very flattered,
but very unlikely, maybe.
Okay, it's a maybe.
I'll take it.
Attention all passengers on flight 808.
Your flight's now boarding at gate...
Merry Christmas, Layla.
Merry Christmas, James.
♪ You're my favorite holiday ♪
♪ Can't get enough of you ♪
♪ Oh, Is this too good to be true... ♪
I got the twins in.
Girl, you got both of the twins in?
Uh, not the same school,
but the same city.
Sister at Spelman, brother at Morehouse.
Girl, you are miracle worker!
The real miracle is I get to leave early.
Gonna surprise Tanner with dinner.
Wait, is this the end of times?
You're cooking?
Girl, no. I'm getting him his favorite.
Takeout, Italian, with a Christmas twist.
♪ Baby, it's all for you ♪
♪ Can't you see
That you're my favorite holiday? ♪
♪ Can't get enough of you ♪
- Babe?
Layla. No, no, no!
What-- in the world?
- Get out! Get-- Get out!
You had the nerve to do this in my house?
It's my maid's day to clean my place.
I like to give her her space.
- What? Tanner!
- Uh...
To be fair, you are home early.
- Layla, we can talk--
What?
Yes! On the sofa!
Ooh, I can't stand him!
♪ Don't feel like
Doing Christmas this year ♪
♪ Don't feel like putting up the tree... ♪
I just don't understand.
I mean, he was so romantic.
He...
He made a birthday dinner
with all my favorite foods.
You mean the one where he put peanuts
that he knows you're allergic to
in the pad thai?
That birthday dinner?
Girl, he had you looking
like a beached blowfish.
He's a doctor.
How did he forget your allergy?
I don't know.
What type of guy cheats on you
right before Christmas?
The type of guy who kills your fish.
- That was an accident.
- Was it, though? Was it, though?
You know, I'm sorry.
I refuse to believe
I was dating a fish murderer.
It's just...
- I always like to believe in fate.
- Mm-hm.
- But I'm really struggling with this one.
Okay. Okay.
Listen, maybe it's because I have
half a bottle of Pinot in me, but
I'm gonna give you some tough love.
- Mm.
- Tanner is a classic Layla pick.
Smart, impressive, driven.
A surgeon with a six-pack.
Mm. Eight.
- Ah! Oh.
- During the summer.
But while all that stuff is cool,
I feel like you might have overlooked
what's important.
- Like free medical advice?
- Mm.
That was some value-added, but no.
Is he kind? Like, what are his priorities?
Does he have your back?
Is he your ride or die?
You know what? You're right.
Tanner fell flat,
but my person will be all that.
- Mm.
- That's it.
- Oh, but you know what?
I can't believe I gave up
on the cutest meet-cute for that idiot.
- Right? Airport James!
- Airport James.
- Where is that guy?
No idea.
You know, we made that promise
not to look each other up, right?
I'm looking him up right now.
He's from Philly, right?
- Mm-hm.
- Oh, damn.
- Any of these guys look familiar?
- Mm-mm.
All right then.
Ooh! I'm gonna bookmark you for later. Hi.
- Oh my God.
- Hm?
- Wait.
We said we were gonna
leave it up to the universe,
but we did make a promise
that if we were both single,
we would meet at the Pentatonix concert!
Wait, wait, wait, it all makes sense!
This is how epic love stories start.
This is why I got cheated on
three days before Christmas.
This is why you always get
Pentatonix tickets every year.
- Except this year.
- What?
God, Tanner wanted
to go see Macklemore instead!
- And that wasn't a red flag?
- I know!
Girl-- Okay, how do you usually get
your Pentatonix tickets?
Um...
I go to the, uh-- The Rockefeller website.
- Okay. Rockefeller website.
- Mm...
- Oh no!
- No...
- Okay. Yeah, I know this sucks.
But you know, it's been a year.
He might be married
with a pregnant wife right now.
Shut up.
Would a man with a pregnant wife
be buying a Pentatonix ticket
so he could be with me?
- Girl--
This is him. That is James!
Oh my God! Wow!
Girl, you weren't kidding, he is fine.
Roxy, the universe has spoken.
Okay, what are the odds
that he would be buying a ticket
at the exact same time
that they took this photo,
and I, in turn, would see
this photo right here on the website?
- Oh my God.
- Hm?
A higher power,
or Father Christmas, or someone
wants to make sure
that I am gonna be there.
You try at Live Nation.
I'm calling American Express.
We are getting you these tickets!
I just offered the full 2,500
you said you had to this woman on OfferUp,
and she told me to go screw myself.
How much is she asking for?
- Four.
- Hm.
Girl, I'm sorry. I can't cover the extra.
But you know, I'm B and B.
Yeah, broke and bougie.
What am I gonna do? Huh?
I mean, James is going to show up.
He's gonna expect this magical moment,
and I'm not gonna be there.
Wait. Wait.
Wait, wait, wait! I can't believe
I didn't think about this sooner!
- What?
- Impromptu!
Imprompt-who?
It's a personal concierge service.
They can get you
anything you can think of.
The owner of the gallery where I work
had me call them
to get this bottle of wine
for her husband's birthday
that no one had.
Yes! Yes. Yeah, take me to them.
- And that we just drank.
- Oh no.
So it looks like I'll have
to call them back anyway.
- Hey!
But, Layla, they're not cheap.
- I don't care.
- Oh!
- Okay.
- James might be my person.
We will call them
first thing in the morning!
We are going to get you this ticket!
- These people are miracle workers.
- Mm-hm.
They are.
Good morning, everyone! Sorry I'm late.
But this is how I do Christmas.
Plus, I had to wait for my fudge to set.
It's a new recipe, and it's fire.
Everything on the top is gluten-free,
yes, for those who care.
You know what doesn't say Merry Christmas?
A colitis flare-up.
- True!
- Mm-hm.
All right, everyone.
Work is now.
Save the goodies for break time.
Teddy, we need to talk.
Boss lady, I didn't forget about you.
Now, I know this may be
a weird Christmas present,
but it's your favorite, cioppino.
Oh, Teddy, I love all of your--
Wait, I don't want to talk about cioppino.
We need to talk about your job.
Okay, so, there's a woman in your office.
Her name is Layla.
She's your client for today.
Have we ever had a client
come into the office before?
No. I've also never had a client
send me three emails before 5:00 a.m.
and beat me to the office
two days before Christmas.
So why she gotta be--
Apparently, she desperately needs a ticket
to the Pentatonix show tomorrow night.
Oh, I love Pentatonix.
Teddy, focus, because I don't have time
to sugarcoat this.
Your client reviews suck.
I-- I mean,
I like to say
that there's room for improvement.
I'm gonna level with you.
- Oh boy.
- You're talented.
Your cioppino is a triumph,
but being a concierge
is not your strong suit.
Right.
Your probationary period is about to end,
and I need to decide
whether we're going to keep you on.
Come on, Louise,
you know how much I need this job.
I know. Uh--
That's why I'm giving you this assignment.
Get the woman her ticket,
and get a good review,
and give me a reason to keep you employed.
Got you.
Layla?
Hey, can I, uh, get you a coffee
or hot chocolate or something?
Wow, uh...
I've never been offered hot chocolate
in a professional setting before.
I'll pass, but thank you.
What? Is there something in my hair?
I got it. Lincoln High.
Me? Oh, no. No.
- Wilson Elementary?
- No.
I never forget a face.
Just give me a minute.
Okay, I-- I don't really have a minute.
I really need to get this ticket.
So do you know
when I'm gonna meet my concierge?
That's me. I'm Teddy.
Your fully licensed,
well, we're not really licensed,
but, um, your fully trained concierge.
Oh. Oh. Okay. You know, I am so sorry, I...
You're not in a suit
like everyone else here.
Yeah, well, that's, um...
It's not technically required, you know...
Just really strongly encouraged.
Let's get you this ticket, right?
- Yeah. Okay, great. Thank you. Um...
You know, I am kind of freaking out
because I have tried everything,
and nothing's working.
I don't really know the that city well,
and we have about, what? Mm...
Oh God, 35 hours.
Minus the two it'll take me to get ready,
so that's about 32.5.
More or less.
Right.
Got it. Thank you very much
for that extremely specific timeline,
but lucky for you,
it'll only take a few minutes.
- Let me hop on Live Nation real quick.
- Oh, I already jumped on Live Nation.
And Ticketmaster,
TickPick, StubHub, and OfferUp.
I'm waiting to hear back
from some people on Craigslist,
and apparently,
someone's offering one up as a--
as a tip on OnlyFans, but I won't do that.
- OnlyFans?
- They asked for pictures of my feet.
- So I signed out and cleared the history.
Oh. Mm-mm.
But I am very sure that Impromptu has
lots of connections
to other ticket brokers and stuff, right?
Yes. Absolutely. We do.
Uh, as a matter of fact,
we have our own database
of available tickets to concerts.
So, if, uh, you just give me one second,
you know, you just stop talking,
you little chatty Patty, um...
What's that sound?
It kind of sounds like a "no" sound.
That's because it is a "no" sound.
Okay, listen, Teddy.
Look, I really, really need this ticket.
Don't panic. Um, I actually know a guy.
He's not in the database,
but he has tickets to everything.
- All right, let's call him.
- Um, no, I--
Well, you can't just call him.
He's old-school.
He doesn't even have a phone.
You gotta just show up at his kiosk.
Now that I think about it, I gotta hustle.
He closes early around the holidays.
- So...
- Great, fine. Let's go.
"Let's go"? No, no, no. That's no.
Um, I can just pick up the ticket for you,
and I can deliver it.
- That's part of the service.
- Okay, listen.
My entire romantic future
might hinge on this ticket.
I'll stay with you every step of the way.
You--
After you.
Damn.
Oh. Oh, oh, oh!
Yes, yes, yes!
I got it.
New Year's last year, Times Square.
Nope.
New Year's, ex-boyfriend, house party.
Damn, I thought that was you.
It's right up here.
Okay.
Told you I got you.
I know where to get this ticket.
Wait, one of the guys hit me up
from Craigslist. He has a ticket.
- What guy?
- Uh, some guy from Davey's Tickets.
"Davey's Tickets"?
I ain't never heard of them.
That can't be legit.
Okay, so we're headed to a kiosk
that doesn't have a phone,
but my guy doesn't sound legit?
Um...
This is my job. I've worked with almost
every licensed ticket broker in the city.
If I haven't heard of them,
then it has to be a scam.
Plus, my guy's kiosk is right...
there?
Oh! So I guess he ran out on the lease.
I don't think so. Let me just--
Okay, so the guy from Davey's Tickets
said he can meet us in the Village.
- Aren't we close?
- Yeah, we're close, but don't even--
Okay, we don't have very many options, so...
Unless you went to school with Scott
from Pentatonix and forgot to tell me.
Um, I am a professional concierge.
Okay? I got plenty of channels.
Just give me a sec.
Mm-hm. I'm sure you do.
Right now we're gonna try my channel.
Desperate times, desperate measures.
Okay.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hm.
- Hey, how did we sound at the parade?
- Um, great, fantastic.
- You weren't even watching, were you?
- I was not, but I'm sure you were great.
Oh, Becca, very important.
My aunt is coming into town.
She's gonna bring four friends.
We need to put them on the list.
Well, four of my other aunts.
Oh, that reminds me.
I wanna bring my best friend,
and she's a part of Bunk Whippoorwill.
I feel like I should invite the group
because I'm what?
♪ Thoughtful! ♪
Oh, Jesus.
That would be like, what?
Twenty-three tickets?
Oh. Oh, no.
No, no.
You guys used up
your friends and family tickets weeks ago.
- There's none left.
- Okay, print more.
So, that's not how it works.
Ever take an economics class?
- Becca, I'm a pop star.
- Right. Well, this list is very closed.
Okay, no, that's not gonna work.
I had to put my facialist on the list.
- You have a facialist?
- Your face is gorge.
I know.
That's why I can't have her mad at me.
Oh, got it.
I literally don't know
what else to tell you.
We have no tickets left.
The show's sold out. That's it.
Okay, "famous."
- That's what I was gonna say.
-"Sold out."
- Life is so surreal!
- That's crazy.
♪ It's kinda crazy how life has changed ♪
♪ We were not famous
But now we're famous ♪
♪ And it's so hard to be household names ♪
- ♪ But we did it! ♪
- ♪ We did it ♪
♪ We did it! ♪
Sold out show!
We did it! Hey!
So, this is
where he wants you to meet him?
A dive bar at 9:30 in the morning.
Yeah, this is definitely legit.
Okay, you know what, Teddy?
When I was a teenager,
I got NSYNC tickets from a guy
in an abandoned Quiznos.
Was it weird? It was.
Were the tickets legit? They were.
And did I go to the concert,
and did JC wink at me
during "Bye Bye Bye"?
He sure did.
The point is,
sometimes you gotta take risks.
Do you think that's Davey?
There is literally nobody else here.
You must be Layla.
I am. I am.
- How professional of you to notice.
- Wow.
I know what you're thinking.
Sketchy scalper in a creepy dive bar.
But I've got
a perfectly good explanation for this.
- I'm an alcoholic.
- Okay. All right.
No, I'm just kidding.
This is a great place to meet clients.
It's never crowded, so...
- That was a joke.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure
there's a Starbucks down the block.
Um, sorry, am I getting
professional advice from a college intern?
- I'm not a college intern.
- Sorry, your outfit says otherwise.
How did you get a ticket?
I couldn't seem to find one anywhere.
- Well, it was tough, but it's my job.
Mm.
I'm not gonna lie.
I had a few people outbid you, but man,
I really fell in love with your story.
Oh!
A kismet Christmas Eve meeting
in an airport.
It's adorable.
How much did you tell this guy?
It just came up when we were texting.
Thank you. Thank you, thank you.
Thank you so much for picking me.
You're really saving my Christmas.
- Ah. That's all the payment that I need.
Oh!
That and the $800 we agreed upon.
Uh, wait. You said eight?
I thought you said five.
Wait. Uh...
I only have five.
You're walking around
with this much money?
You clearly are not
from around here, are you?
No, the stakes are high, buddy.
Are you-- Mm.
- Had to be prepared for anything.
- Okay.
I hope you're prepared to pay eight.
I was offered 12...
You know, maybe I was texting
with a different Layla.
No, it was this Layla.
I really need these tickets.
Seven.
Don't haggle.
You only have five.
Um-- Mm--
- You know what? I have my card!
- Oh--
Mm. No, sorry, gross.
The credit card fees, they...
- They ruin my profits.
Okay.
- Well, okay...
- Uh...
Layla. Lay-- you...
- Do not give that to him.
- It's worth about 150.
- Layla, do not give that to him.
- I'll take it.
Okay, and, uh...
Sending the tickets to you. Done!
Got it!
Well, your fairy tale begins now.
Oh.
- Enjoy the show tomorrow night.
- This James is a really, really lucky guy.
- Um, who's James?
The guy from the airport
that she's meeting at the show tomorrow.
Am I the only person
that's never heard this story?
- Happy holidays, you two.
And you thought he wasn't legit.
- This ticket is from last year. Hey!
- What?
Hey! Uh-uh! Nope. Nope!
- Uh-uh! Give it.
- I thought we were friends!
- God!
I'm sorry.
My eyes!
I'm sorry! Davey!
What do you think about my hips in this?
Do you want the truth?
- They're okay.
- Sign those posters.
Shoot.
Okay. So after this,
you're gonna be on The Today Show
for a performance,
then you'll do SiriusXM for about an hour,
then a journalist is gonna meet you
in the hotel room for a little interview,
and then you're done.
So, I guess I'm not seeing
a Broadway show tonight.
Look, guys, I know this is a lot of work,
but after the holidays,
we're gonna have a ton of downtime.
- Wait, really?
No.
- No.
- Yes.
- Oh God, Teddy.
- What happened? Wait.
- Who's Teddy?
Oh, sorry.
No, it's nothing.
He's this concierge
who keeps blowing up
the DMs on your account.
Normally, I wouldn't engage,
but he just got pepper-sprayed
trying to get a ticket for a fan.
- Oh no.
- What? Let me see that.
- Oh, this guy's a real oversharer.
He really wants that ticket.
He keeps saying his client's
romantic future is on the line.
Wow. I just want to point out
that my dewey face was on the line.
There could be
a potential love story happening.
A potential...
♪ Christmas love story ♪
Hate when y'all do that.
Hey Scrooge, sounds to me like
someone's heart is three times too small.
I think you're getting
your movies mixed up, sweetie.
We don't have time for this. Chop chop.
- We'll make time. Give me that phone.
I wanna see.
Mmm.
♪ Here comes the midnight Santa... ♪
Wow.
So,
I get pepper sprayed,
and you get to eat chips.
- Great.
- I am so, so sorry.
Oh gosh.
I got you some milk.
How'd you know I liked milk?
- It's for your eyes.
- Mm!
- Your eyes.
- What?
Give me that.
Please, be gentle.
Oh.
- Ooh, that feels good.
- Mm-hm.
I cannot believe he ducked.
He seemed so sweet.
So you couldn't tell that guy
was clearly a con artist?
Look, people don't do stuff like that
where I'm from, okay?
Yeah.
Plus, I'm starting
to get pretty desperate.
You and I aren't exactly having
the most successful morning.
Concierges strike out mad times
before they actually find
what they're looking for.
- Hm.
- You gotta let me go through my process.
And where are we in your process?
Making headway.
I actually have a line on a client
who has Pentatonix tickets.
Waiting to hear back.
Wow. Look at you "concierging."
Lending fate a hand.
If it's really that important to you,
why don't you just DM the guy?
Tell him you can't get a ticket.
When James and I met,
it was like magic.
Except it was just the wrong place
and the wrong time.
So we decided
if we were truly meant to be,
fate would bring us back together,
which is why I need
these tickets to this concert.
I might be in the middle
of the cutest meet-cute of all time.
All right?
- James might be my person.
So you actually believe
that every person has a person?
Yeah, don't you?
No.
No, I don't.
Okay.
All right. Listen to that.
You hear this song?
That is the song that I played to James
to introduce him to Pentatonix.
All right? It's a sign.
Or it's a Christmas Spotify playlist.
No, it's fate.
The universe is speaking.
Layla, I don't know
what the universe is saying to you,
but I know that I'm responsible for making
this love connection happen, so...
Hm. Good news.
The client just got back to me.
He wants to meet up about the ticket.
Okay. Well, what are we doing? Let's go.
♪ This Christmas ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Yeah... ♪
Thank you, sir.
- My pleasure.
♪ Ooh, do-do-do-do ♪
- Wow.
- Whoa.
Teddy.
I have a feeling
we're not in Kansas anymore.
Yeah, I don't think we're even
in Manhattan anymore.
Oh! Whoa! Look at this ceiling!
Look at the ceilings!
You must be Teddy and Layla.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Is something wrong?
Um, no. No, um...
I think...
Yeah, uh...
You're here for one
of my Pentatonix tickets.
Uh, actually...
I need
one of your Pentatonix tickets.
Well, here's the thing.
We really love Pentatonix.
Oh, yeah.
Their voices speak to us.
- Deeply.
- So deep.
So very deep.
Uh...
- Yeah...
Um, you love the band.
Yes, and we were told
that you may have a ticket
that you might want to sell to us.
All right.
You two negotiate.
And you follow me.
Come along.
- Layla.
- I need those tickets.
Layla!
- There you are.
- Hi.
- Now, I have to power shop.
- Hm.
The designer's assistants
will be back for this rack in an hour.
I would appreciate a woman's opinion,
so have a look.
Designers?
Yes.
Like this one from LaQuan Smith.
Original, never worn.
- Oh. Wow.
- He dresses everyone.
- Mm.
Beyoncé, Rihanna, Serena.
- Must cost a fortune.
- Hm. Yes.
Javi goes overboard at Christmastime,
especially as it's our anniversary.
Christmas is such a romantic
and magical time.
Ooh.
Hello.
Oh.
Yeah.
Hermano.
Let's talk on the patio.
I think better amidst the clouds
high above the city below.
Exactly how high above the city are we?
Eighty-six glorious stories.
- Oh.
- I know.
I make all my meaningful decisions here,
and giving up a Pentatonix ticket...
Well, that could be
quite meaningful for us both.
I know I'm going
to hate myself for this, but yes.
Come, Teddy.
- Okay.
- Ooh.
- Oh wow, that's a keeper.
Ooh-la-la. Hm!
So,
why does somebody need only one ticket
to a concert on Christmas Eve?
Well, uh, let's just say
it starts with my boyfriend
cheating on me before the holidays,
and hopefully, ends with me meeting
the man of my dreams at a Pentatonix show.
That is horrible.
I mean, everybody knows
you wait until January to break up.
- Mm-hm.
- And I so hate cheaters.
Heh. Right?
You may not believe this,
but I'd be with Javi
even if he had nothing.
Totally true because I was with him
when he had nothing.
My point,
money and things are fun,
but finding the person
who values your heart
as much as they value their own,
that's the real key
to a loving relationship.
But to find that, you have to determine
which values are truly important to you.
- Seem to be hearing that a lot these days.
- You're missing something.
This.
No. No, I can't, um...
You know, I'm more
of a Nordstrom Rack kind of girl.
I don't even see myself
in a situation where I'd wear that.
Aren't you planning to meet
the man of your dreams tomorrow night?
Layla, Javier said we can have the ticket.
We gotta do something for him first, so...
- It's time-sensitive. We gotta go.
- Okay, okay. Okay, uh...
Here.
- I can't.
I insist.
It's in your size.
Think of it as a sign from the universe.
Thank you.
Okay.
- Ooh.
Okay...
Let's go.
And if it doesn't work out
with that Pentatonix guy,
that Teddy... quite adorable.
Quite.
- Quite.
Yes.
Kind of uncomfortable?
Okay, so it was a little intense
but also kind of sweet.
- I mean...
- Well...
Have you ever looked
at someone like that? Like, I don't know...
Just like you're in a magic bubble,
like the whole world just disappears.
I've never shared a look with anybody
that made the five feet
around me disappear,
let alone the whole world.
If you're trying to get this ticket
that I risked my life for--
Okay.
I am sorry about the pepper spray.
The pepper-- I'm not even ta--
You know what? We gotta keep moving.
- Okay?
- All right. Okay, so how does this work?
Well, apparently, we get the extra ticket
that he has for his mom
if we can get him the one thing
he wants more than tickets to the concert.
That wouldn't happen to be
for a Macklemore concert, right?
- Because I do have those tickets.
- No, it's not a Macklemore concert.
He wants us to get this Chanel purse.
I don't know.
He's gonna pay for it.
We just gotta go pick it up.
Okay, so basically,
we just have to run an errand?
- Yeah,
- Okay, Teddy.
You got skills.
Guess I do.
Okay.
I got it.
Summer camp.
Okay, uh... Camp Carmel.
Dang. I went to Camp Greenwood.
Oh gosh, I am so hungry right now.
I'm starved.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
You just had three bags of potato chips
and a warm pretzel at the bar.
Wait. Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Here.
You just keep snacks in your coat?
My goodness, that is adorable.
- I always keep some trail mix on me.
- Hold up. Are there peanuts in here?
- Oh gosh, I'm severely allergic.
No, you good. I made that myself.
Okay.
Man, what you doing?
Wow. You know what? This is incredible.
What's in this?
Dry out my cranberries, add some cardamom,
and my personal favorite,
crunchy quinoa, instead of peanuts.
Um, okay, secret chef.
Trust me. Trust me,
he's got granola skills.
Yeah, have at it.
Come on.
- Terrible mime.
A mime is a terrible thing to waste.
- Twenty-nine hours to the concert.
- Right. Okay, what purse are we getting?
Um, is it one of those quilted ones
with the chain? I really love those.
- No, he said to get the Sugar Plum.
- Oh.
You know that one?
Mm. It just sounds special.
- It does, doesn't it?
- Yeah.
Look at this guy.
Sir, do you have an appointment?
For the store? No, we're here
to get a Sugar Plum, in and out.
Sir.
The Sugar Plum
is our limited-edition holiday release.
If you don't have an appointment,
we kindly ask that you wait in line.
Oh.
I guess the Sugar Plum really is special.
Well, buckle up.
We'll get to know each other very well.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
So that's what you meant
by risking your life for my ticket?
- Yes.
- Heights?
Oh, that's so basic.
- Basic?
- Yeah.
I thought you were gonna say
something like, I don't know...
something exotic,
like jungle cats or tailored suits.
Okay. Okay, Layla, I get it.
You want me to wear a suit.
Fine.
Gosh, well, let me ask you something.
Why aren't you spending the holiday
with your family?
Eh...
My parents aren't really
into the holidays like that.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
My grandma was the one
that made Christmas Christmas,
and she's not around anymore.
Sorry.
Yeah, me too.
But I still celebrate in a big way.
It's just with my boyfriend.
But you don't have a boyfriend.
Which is exactly why I need this ticket.
Good morning. Right this way.
Welcome.
It's Paris.
Oh, I guess it is.
No, no, no.
No, you don't understand.
This is another sign.
James and I talked about this.
It's our bucket list city.
Does this come in two colors?
Oh wow, we're getting so close.
- I can't believe this is gonna work.
Wow.
You must be new here.
That's the only thing that explains
the way you're talking to me,
and the fact that you think
that last year's lipstick color suits you.
I'm so sorry, ma'am,
but I've worked here for two years,
and this is store policy.
So you're gonna have to wait in line
like the rest of our guests.
- May I speak to a store manager, please?
- Excuse me, one second.
Or literally anyone
that actually gives a--
Hey. Hi. Hi.
Hey, it's, um... Excuse me.
It's the holiday season.
Why don't you give her a break?
I'm sorry,
I don't take advice from youth pastors.
What's wrong with khakis and a button-up?
Would you like a list?
- Oh, wow, you're rude.
- Ah--
You know God loves those
who are polite and patient.
So how about you get back in line?
Oh--
Line.
- But--
- Line. Line.
There's a line.
Could you believe her?
- Thank you so much.
For what?
You were literally just doing a job,
and she clearly
didn't take her pills this morning.
Or she took all of them.
My money's on all.
Yeah, probably.
- Yeah.
Well, thank you.
Is there anything I can do for you?
Uh, no, I'm just waiting in line
for a Sugar Plum like everyone else.
Okay.
Well, let me know
if there's anything I can help you with.
Yes.
She crazy.
She crazy. She was nice, though.
- Nice?
- Yeah.
Mm. She was nice on you.
What you saying?
Teddy, you didn't see
the eye she was giving you?
Come on. She was holding your elbow.
Okay, she touched my elbow.
A woman like that?
That works in the Chanel store? No way.
Okay. Look, you need to go over to her
and get her number.
I'm not going over just to get shut down.
You crazy.
- Teddy!
- No.
You are a total catch.
- Your granola and your chivalry.
- Okay.
Just gotta take a risk.
Not really a risk type of guy.
Well, you should be.
Look, Teddy.
Sometimes, a woman just wants
a man to just walk up to her
and give her that look that says,
"I know you are
ridiculously out of my league,
but you're just too amazing
to not give a shot."
That's the look.
- Oh.
What? Use it. Okay, just get over there.
- I'm not-- No...
- Get her number. Do it.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Man...
Oh.
Um, excuse me, sir,
I think you dropped your phone.
Oh, thank you.
Ah, after I buy this purse,
there's no money for a new phone.
- Yeah, no kidding.
- Yeah.
It's for my mom. She was really sick.
- Timmy, we don't need to--
- She was.
It was really scary.
- Oh.
Uh, sorry, but, uh...
Well, we almost lost her.
And you realize
the next moment's not promised.
So, I'm going to give her
everything I can while I can.
Well, it's, uh, quite a blessing
that you can get that for her.
You better move up.
Don't want you to lose your place.
- Uh, merry Christmas.
- Merry Christmas to you too.
I got news.
Apparently,
there’s only one Sugar Plum left,
and Michaela is going to sneak it for us.
Yes...
I can't take it.
Hm?
- Someone else deserves it more than me.
- What? Who?
There's a guy back there with his son.
So? We need that purse.
We need it for the ticket.
It's my job, Layla.
It's your person.
It's everything
we've been talking about all day.
- You gotta be kidding me. Are you serious?
- Here are your gloves, sir.
- Um, Michaela-- No, I'm...
- Thank you. Are you--?
- I'm sorry, Michaela.
Mm-mm.
I really appreciate it.
- But this belongs to someone else.
Oh.
No, no, no, these are gloves.
We're all sold out of Sugar Plums,
other than the display.
What? Sold out?
That display is mine!
- Come on, chin up.
Still got 29 hours.
Guys! Teddy got the purse!
Oh, no way!
Oh.
But Layla decided to give it to some guy.
What? Lame, Layla.
More like lame-la, am I right?
Nice.
- Thanks.
He said he needed it for his wife
because they have a beautiful love story.
- Oh, okay. I mean, that's sweet.
- Oh. Mm.
Now he's just sending multiple messages
about how sweet and selfless Layla is.
Wait.
Guys.
- You don't think...?
- That Teddy has a crush on Layla.
Yeah!
He so does.
That changes everything.
No, I know. We've been on Team Lames
when we could have been on Team Tayla.
Exactly! If she's meant to be with Teddy,
she can't spend Christmas Eve with James.
Or you know what?
I kind of feel like
after such a brutal breakup,
she should really
take some time for herself,
to kind of connect with herself and heal.
- I read this book by Brené Brown once...
- Scott, please.
I'll read one quote. I wanna get it right.
I'll pull it up quick.
I'm gonna go.
Basically she talks about...
Have you seen the view from the balcony?
Here. Quick, quick.
- Oh my God.
Oh. That's okay. I'll tell y'all later.
Girl, I can't believe
you gave up the purse.
Why did you do that?
That bag was the key to your love story.
Okay. Roxy, you don't understand.
You had to hear this kid
and his dad's story.
I'd still have kept the purse.
That's the difference between you and me.
I'm going to keep doing
what I can on my end.
We're getting you to that show. Bye.
Okay, bye.
You know, if I get a vote,
I'd have to say I'm Team Roxy on this one.
You and Roxy are not allowed to be
more upset than me
about not having this ticket.
My actual job is on the line, so...
I know, and I'm sorry.
If you would've heard their story,
then you would understand.
Must have been a special story
for you to give up on your dream guy.
Yeah, well... I'm starting to wonder
if it's all even worth it.
Excuse me?
We have gone all around town
trying to get this ticket.
All we run into is disappointment.
Maybe the universe is trying to tell me
it doesn't want me to be at the concert.
What?
I will give you
a crazy good review, I promise.
Oh! What about your person?
I don't know.
If James and I were truly meant to be,
would it really be this hard?
Are you--?
I don't know. Maybe the universe is trying
to test you to see if you really want it.
What I do know
is that we're not stopping, okay?
Hm.
Wait, wait, wait.
Flight attendants.
You met James in an airport,
and now we're randomly
seeing flight attendants?
It's a sign, Layla.
It's also a stretch, even for me.
- Come on.
- But I do like where your head is at.
We need more of that.
More what? Flight attendants?
No.
Change of headspace.
This is definitely a change of headspace.
Pretty lights.
Pretty...
park.
- Okay. Where we going?
Harlem. Roxy's.
- This is just a fun way to get there.
Okay.
- Wait a minute.
You hear that?
What?
The subtle beat.
It sounds like
my favorite Pentatonix song.
Stop it.
Wait, you're a fan?
What, you think you're the only person
up on Pentatonix?
Come on.
Teddy, I mean,
this whole time, you never really said,
"Hello, Layla. Guess what?
I'm a Pentatonix fan too."
You are so full of surprises.
- Gotta keep you on your toes.
- Hm.
Check this out.
It's my favorite.
It's my favorite too.
- You know how to do it?
- Yeah, you?
Okay. Okay.
♪ Ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
- Oh, come on, man.
- Oh no, no, no.
- That time--
- Are you serious?
- Okay, I'm sorry.
- You are so dangerous.
- You did that on purpose.
- No...
♪ I was following the pack
All swallowed in their coats ♪
♪ With scarves of red
Tied 'round their throats ♪
♪ To keep their little heads
From fallin' in the snow ♪
♪ And I turned 'round and there you go ♪
♪ And, Michael, you would fall ♪
♪ And turn the white snow ♪
♪ Red as strawberries
In the summertime ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
Mm-hm.
- Mm. Oh. Okay, okay.
You guys,
I think we've had enough wine.
It's time to start figuring out
how to get this ticket.
- Teddy!
- Girl, you can never have enough wine.
- And leave that man alone.
- Girl, why?
- How long does it take to make a sandwich?
- Forget the sandwich.
Teddy has found pots and spices
I never knew I had or what to do with.
We are about to feast.
So, I figured some nourishment
would get our brains going.
So I got meat, and I got vegan.
And you got some arms.
Got a little hot in there.
Kind of hot in here.
I was just looking at the meat.
Mm-hm.
- On the plate.
- Right.
Boy, you got skills.
Oh...
- Layla, does he have skills?
- Um... Teddy.
Apologies to my mama,
but this was the best meal ever.
Thanks.
Well, I used to work at Alinea, so...
- Shut up! Alinea?
- Mm-hm.
Michelin star-rated Alinea?
Layla, we were just there.
Yeah, my birthday. Last spring.
It was incredible.
Uh, the sea bass...
Wait a minute,
I was still there last spring.
I probably cooked you that sea bass.
Okay, Teddy, you have a gift.
- Hm.
- Why aren't you still cooking?
Well, um, life happens.
You know, um, my mom got sick.
They needed me
to come back home and help, so...
Chef jobs aren't typically flexible, so...
Concierge.
You are a good son, Teddy,
but you not cooking
is a culinary travesty.
Thank you, but the concierge
in me knows it's gonna take more than fate
to get this very deserving woman
her tickets, so...
Or maybe not.
My cousin said
he has two Pentatonix tickets.
All we gotta do is pick 'em up.
They're at my mom's house in Brooklyn.
Ah--
Ooh, took you long enough.
Uh, we don't have much time.
What? How much time could it take...
to get a ticket?
Uh, it's...
It's a bit more complicated.
Complicated?
I'll explain. Just pay attention
and follow my lead, okay? Come on.
Jordy, let him get in the house
before you start barking orders.
Jordy, what complications?
Teddy, it's about time you got home.
I need you to get these brûlées done,
so I can finish my gift giveaways
for my friends and neighbors.
Um, excuse me. Who's barking orders?
I'm his mother. I can bark what--
- I'm sorry, they do this all the time--
- Ooh!
It's okay.
Teddy.
Who's this?
This is Layla. She-- Oh no, no, no.
I can see the look.
She's one of my clients.
She was just expecting a ticket
when we walked in the door.
- Breathe. I will make this happen.
- Don't you tell me--
We have a guest.
- Pleasure to meet you, Layla.
- It's a pleasure to meet you too...
- Auntie, I need to get them to--
Jordy.
Whatever scheme you have can wait
until after proper introductions.
Scheme. I'm so sorry.
Layla, this is Teddy's cousin, Jordy.
Hi.
Hello! Okay, so now
that we all know each other,
can I please put them to work,
so they rehearse and win these tickets?
- Rehearse?
You expect me to lip-sync and dance
at the Snow Ball?
What's the Snow Ball?
The lip-sync battle
to end all lip-sync battles,
and this year,
the winners get Pentatonix tickets.
Sounds like fun!
For who?
Layla, you do not understand.
Okay, he wants us to compete.
And these people go hard
and take it way too serious.
- Teddy tends to exaggerate.
- I t--
Okay. Okay.
Last year's runner-up slashed
the winner's tires in a fit of rage.
- Because he came in second place?
- Yes.
- Well, I hope they banned him.
Yes!
For a year. But I was robbed, okay?
Wait, it was you?
And it was only one tire.
I can be a bit... competitive.
But that is what is going to help you
win these tickets, understand?
- This is not going to be a cakewalk.
This is the Snow Ball.
It is an institution.
The competition
are not Housewives of Canarsie.
These are understudies
from Dear Evan Hansen
and runners-up from RuPaul's Drag Race.
OMG. Okay, drag queens really bring it.
Hey, guys, did I mention
that I really don't want to do this?
And my crippling stage fright?
Teddy, don't even play.
He was Little Mister Wildwood
for two years straight.
- Little Mister... what?
- Mm-hm.
Wait, wait, wait.
- You were in pageants?
- Oh my God, we are not talking about this.
I was six years old!
All right, at some point,
we're gonna talk about this.
Okay, listen!
I am going to need you to give me
your mind, body, and soul
for the next 12 hours.
Twelve hours? Come on, Jordy!
Okay, yeah, that is kind of long, right?
- Fourteen hours!
- Fourteen?
If you do, you might
have a shot at winning those tickets.
Now, prepare to sass and sparkle!
Mm-hm!
Let's test your ability.
Five, six, seven, eight!
One and two and three and four
and five and six and seven and eight.
One and two and three and four,
five, six, your turn!
One and two and three and four
and five and six and seven and eight.
One and two and three and four,
next up! Let's go!
One and two and three and four
and five and six and seven and eight.
One and two and three and four,
that's not right! It goes like this!
This! This! This! This! This!
That's how you do it!
All right, we need some type of spectacle
to really set things off in there.
So I was thinking
we could do this lift, okay?
I'm gonna tell you how to do it.
- Okay.
- So come on.
- All right.
- Stand there. Put your hands on her waist.
- Now?
- Yes, right now.
So, um... you.
You are going
to put your hands on her waist.
So you want to pli-- Hands on her waist!
Hand. The whole time.
Leave them there!
The whole time.
Do not move!
The whole time? We hear.
Yes! Yes.
Now take your hands and grab his wrist.
- Okay.
- That's gonna help support you, okay?
This is what you need to do.
So you're gonna plié.
Plié down, right? Just like this.
Mm-mm. Mm-mm.
So you are-- That's too much.
The butt. No, keep the butt in.
- Down! Shoulder! Up!
- I got it!
Down, shoulder, up!
- I got it.
- Where's the girl?
Where's the girl? Where's the girl?
How you gonna go down, shoulder, up
if you don't have her on your shoulder?
That's not what I was doing.
Teddy... We've done this many times.
Go ahead, grab my hand, like you know.
Okay, here we go. So we're gonna
turn, turn, turn, boom, grab my leg.
Boop!
Five, six, seven, eight.
One and two and three and four-- Oh!
- Teddy!
- Wha--!
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three.
Oh!
Shoot.
- Oh, Teddy.
Yes! Dip! Dip! Yes!
We did it.
Teddy Wilkins.
Mom.
- My crème brûlées?
Do you think we'll get
another rehearsal in?
Yeah, it shouldn't take that long.
Sriracha.
And crème brûlées?
- No.
No, you.
At the airport lounge.
You put Sriracha on my quiche.
You dropped one of these in my purse.
You see? I told you I never forget a face.
Especially a pretty one.
- Just saying.
I guess you were right.
I guess I was.
Let me get started with this,
so that we can get back to rehearsing.
I wish I could help.
Oh, you can.
No.
I'm a disaster in the kitchen.
Well, that's nonsense.
I'll show you.
♪ Under the lights
You'll catch my eye ♪
♪ I've never seen in slow motion ♪
♪ I can't look away
That laugh you make ♪
♪ Must be Nat King Coles' rendition ♪
♪ The firelight makes your skin glow ♪
♪ And you must already know ♪
♪ What you do to me ♪
♪ I'm already dreaming about ♪
♪ An old-fashioned Christmas
With a stranger across the room ♪
♪ I don't know your name
But I know what we'll do ♪
♪ We'll slow dance to vinyls
Take strolls in New York City ♪
♪ Maybe make some snow angels
You'll tell me I look pretty ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ Ask my friends for your name ♪
♪ And it's such a shame
That they don't even know you ♪
♪ So dear God I pray
Please let him make the first move ♪
You really need
to open your own restaurant,
so I can become a regular.
- I am not opening a restaurant.
You know how many new restaurants
open and close in a year?
Not yours.
Thanks for that, but, uh,
I don't have the same confidence
in the universe as you do.
Mm, fine. You don't have to have
the same confidence in the universe, but
maybe that kind of confidence in yourself.
Is that how you motivate your students?
Yes, and sometimes their parents.
They feel that
they don't have a shot at college.
So whether it's money, circumstance,
fear, it leaves
too many reluctant to dream.
Preach, child.
Oh, Mom.
Teddy, I'm not sick anymore.
I love having you here,
but I don't need you here.
It's time that you stop worrying about me
and get back to your life.
Um, eating crème brûlée
and having heart-to-hearts
is not getting you that ticket.
Let's get back at it. Come on.
Okay, well...
- Yeah. Uh-uh!
One more bite.
- Less sass, more sparkle.
I'm going.
- Let's go. Come on.
What are you waiting on?
I know it sounds crazy,
but she just looks so peaceful, don't she?
She won't be peaceful
if she doesn't get these tickets.
No, no!
Wakey-wakey!
Hi, baby.
I'm sorry, was I drooling or something?
No...
- Did I snore too loud?
It's just that we have
a show to prepare for
and no time to waste
if we want to make you beautiful.
- Jordy, this girl is already beautiful.
Snow Ball beautiful
ain't early morning beautiful.
Honey, meet your glam squad.
- Prepare for your transformation.
♪ Sleigh my name... ♪
Oh!
- Look at you! Oh!
So glad you're here.
♪ Sleigh my name ♪
♪ I'm your Dancer, just kidding ♪
♪ I'm your Dasher, just joking ♪
♪ I'm your Prancer
No, wait, I'm your Vixen ♪
♪ I am your Dancer, just kidding ♪
♪ I'm your Dasher, just joking ♪
♪ I'm your Prancer
No, wait, I'm your Vixen ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Ho-ho-ho
Look at me go ♪
♪ Ho-ho-ho ♪
♪ Sleigh my name ♪
♪ Look at me go ♪
♪ Ho-ho-ho ♪
♪ Sleigh my name ♪
♪ Look at me go ♪
♪ Ho-ho-ho ♪
♪ Sleigh my name ♪
♪ Look at me go ♪
♪ Ho-ho-ho ♪
♪ Sleigh my name ♪
She slayed that stage!
- Round of applause once again.
Slay her name! Priyanka!
Ooh, girl, the competition looks steep.
Oh, uh, hey!
- Let me get one of these.
- Ah-ah-ah-ah! No.
Okay, you could've just asked.
I know that catering company.
I can guarantee you this has nuts in it.
- Oh.
- Thank you.
Stabbing you in the heart with an EpiPen
is not something I wanna add to the list
of insane things we've done together.
Oh wow, but that's not
where you stick an EpiPen.
But thank you for remembering.
- Merry Christmas, baby girl.
- Oh, mm-mm, mm-mm.
Honey, we need every bit
of your effervescence to win this contest.
Get this granola stuck in your teeth,
and it'll ruin those pearly whites.
Jordan.
What exactly do you think
you're doing here?
You've been Snow Ball-blackballed.
I made fliers.
Ooh, that is a terrible picture of me.
I know.
Well, Alan, despite your little attempts
to dull my shine,
you can't crush my Christmas spirit
because today I'm here as a coach.
Ha!
Who are you coaching?
Layla and Teddy.
They are one of the hottest new teams
from the Gowanus circuit.
More like the "go on back home" circuit,
but good luck.
- Let's go get you ready.
Mm-hm.
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ The red and green lights spin some more
♪ It's Christmas time
On the dance floor... ♪
Wow, those two are really good.
Yeah. You know what we got
that they don't got?
What?
A former Little Mister Wildwood.
That was in front of 25 parents
in the rec center.
These people are expecting a show.
Well, let's give them a show.
- All right, you're up. Listen.
You don't have coordination,
rhythm, or raw talent.
So if you're gonna get these tickets,
you have to sass
and sparkle your butts off.
Sass and sparkle.
That was definitely steamy,
don't you think?
- Round of applause!
- Well...
Wait, Teddy, your phone.
No falling phones to ruin my choreography.
- Got you.
Mm-hm.
Come on, cuz.
- Y'all do this right.
- Let's do this.
Sass and sparkle...
Now all the way from Gowanus...
- Get this off! Gettin' on my nerves!
Layla and Teddy!
♪ Santa, baby ♪
Okay, sparkles!
♪ Santa baby ♪
♪ Just slip a Sable under the tree ♪
♪ For me ♪
♪ Been an awful good girl ♪
♪ Santa baby ♪
♪ So hurry down the chimney tonight ♪
♪ Jingle bell, jingle bell
Santa baby, slay ♪
♪ Giving out toys at night
To make your Christmas day ♪
♪ Oh, teddy bear, brand new bike
Mistletoe, can't wait to show you ♪
♪ Shining bright, the best in sight
Red wrapping on display ♪
♪ I could list something that changes
I been real good ♪
♪ But the way you're looking
Win the battles on my firewood ♪
♪ A snowman can never
A reindeer whatever ♪
♪ Together for Christmas
Is my only wish list ♪
Ooh!
♪ Santa, baby
So hurry down the chimney tonight ♪
♪ Hurry down the chimney tonight ♪
♪ Hurry ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
Well, let's hear it for Layla and Teddy!
- Go. Go, go, go.
- Come on! Come on!
All right.
Oh, that way.
Weren't they great, everyone?
My God.
That was so...
That was-- That was so...
- Incredi--
Okay!
So, a lot of those moves weren't mine,
and I'll be mad about that later,
but that kiss was brilliant.
Oh my God, you sold it!
Listen, the Snow Ball has never seen
that kind of heat,
and if I didn't know better,
I'd say y'all was really in love.
- Okay?
- That's facts! Y'all really sold it.
Yeah, that was...
Uh, yeah. We really, um, sold it, right?
I mean, yeah.
I mean, anything for the act, right?
- Right?
- Yeah.
All right, everyone. It's prize time!
As always, our winners have been selected
based on my expert assessment
of their performance
and the crowd's response.
So, without further adieu,
will our top three performers
please join me on stage?
In no particular order,
- Patrice and Tyler!
- Priyanka!
And Layla and Teddy!
Oh my God!
Slap me on the behind and call me Rudolph!
Because this is a Christmas miracle!
- Girl, get up there! Go on!
Hello? Guys?
Layla and Teddy?
Don't be shy, you two! Layla and Teddy!
So, in third place,
you may recognize them
from In the Heights, the regional tour.
Patrice and Tyler!
Well done. Well done. Here you go.
Oh!
And in second place,
our dark horse from Gowanus,
- Layla and Teddy!
Wow. I didn't know you had it in ya.
Well done, good stuff.
Which means that the winner
of this year's Snow Ball is...
Slay her name, Priyanka!
This is my moment. Get away. Get away.
- Yes!
Darling, you did it!
- I love Christmas!
Thank you! Thank you! Yeah!
Guys, look.
In second place,
the dark horse from Gowanus,
Layla and Teddy!
- I can't believe they lost.
- Uh, I can.
Did you see Priyanka?
Now that was a slay... bell.
Nice.
- Thank you.
That was intense.
So that's it, you guys.
Their last chance of getting a ticket.
I mean, yeah, tickets are sold out.
We don't have any more backstage passes.
Maybe it's for the best.
Clearly there's something going on
between those two.
I just can't believe
she's never going to see James again.
I thought you were Team Tayla.
I don't know. I don't know how I feel.
This is a very confusing situation.
No, I agree.
I'm actually glad we don't have a ticket.
We would not know what to do with it.
Oh, uh, update. You do have a ticket.
♪ What? ♪
How do y'all even know when--?
You know what? I don't care.
One of the industry comps canceled.
I put it in my morning email blast.
- Uh-- Uh-- Oh!
- Oh!
- Right, the email blast.
- That's why we...
Okay, okay, okay. Guys, chill. Okay?
So we can give Layla a ticket.
- Yes.
Great!
We can, but we shouldn't.
Not because my five aunts are out
in the freezing cold looking for tickets,
but because I just don't think
it's a good idea to interfere.
I agree. I think she should be with Teddy,
and James is just a distraction.
- But do we know that?
- Guys, guys, guys!
- This isn't our decision to make.
Maybe she's supposed to be with James.
Maybe with Teddy.
Point is, Layla has to decide.
- Mm.
- Fine.
- That's boring, but okay.
But what about Teddy?
What about how he feels?
♪ Doesn't that matter too? ♪
Don't!
Um...
Any idea what just happened up there?
I...
don't...
know.
Right.
Because I was...
Okay, y'all should not feel bad.
I know you didn't win the ticket,
but coming in second, with this crowd?
I still can't believe it.
Hm! Honestly, based on your performance,
neither can I.
But... you did sass and sparkle.
Now, I believe that this gift certificate
to a spa weekend in the Catskills
belongs to me.
- Thank you.
Come on, girl,
second place makes me thirsty.
So, just me, or was there...?
Something that...
Kind of...
Happened?
- Yeah.
- Up there.
Yeah.
Um...
'Cause, I mean--
Whatever this is, it's gonna have to wait.
You got a ticket.
- A ticket?
Yeah.
- To Pentatonix. They sent us a ticket.
They-- How?
They sent a text to your phone!
You need to get ready.
Uh, but he-- I mean...
We were just thinking...
That we should talk.
Talk after this woman
goes to meet the love of her life.
Honey, I feel love's magic.
You have made me a believer.
Go and get her dressed
and get her to that theater. Okay?
Come on.
Uh, you too, move.
Wait. Why I gotta go?
Well, in order to get Layla her ticket,
Pentatonix said that you had to agree
to play Santa in the performance.
- Wait, what?
Why?
I don't know.
Maybe their regular guy's sick.
- Who cares? Just go! Come on!
- I don't see-- There's nowhere on here--
- Okay.
- Wait. What if I'm rushing into things?
Girl, you are gonna meet
the man of your dreams,
and you're in shock.
But you got the Pentatonix tickets!
Airport James, here you come.
Jordy. I can't! I can't!
I have stage fright.
Fool, you just danced onstage.
Yeah, but Santa has lines of dialogue.
"Ho-ho-ho" isn't dialogue, it's a noise.
I know you know how to make a noise!
- Yeah, but my belly isn't even jolly--
- Teddy! Your client is counting on you.
Do your job, get to this theater,
and be a good Santa.
Don't you go messing up
this lovely woman's happily ever after.
Now go!
- Don't be grabbing--
- Go!
Girl, you know I am not
into magic romance-type stuff.
But this is some magic romance-type stuff.
You gonna tell me
why you acting so uncertain?
I'm not acting uncertain.
I'm just not...
sure.
Not sure, uncertain.
Do you need me to get you a dictionary?
Oh, it's an email from Impromptu.
They're asking for a review.
I have to do this.
- No, Teddy's job is on the line.
- Whoa, whoa, hey.
I type. You contour.
Go ahead.
"Did you find your concierge courteous?"
Yes.
Teddy was very professional
and accommodating.
And he was also really sweet.
He taught me how to make crème brûlée,
and you know that I can't cook.
You cannot,
and I don't see how that's relevant.
- Can you focus, please?
- Okay.
"Would you recommend this concierge
to a friend or colleague?"
Well, he pulled some wild cards.
Like the Snow Ball.
I mean, I don't think
I know anyone else in this world
who ever would've made that happen.
I mean, I don't think
it's in a concierge's job description
to be a semi-professional dancer.
And pretty good kisser.
Well, this is a yes or no question,
so I'm gonna say yes.
Oh!
- Oh, man!
This day just gets better and--
Oh! No!
Come on!
This was not in the job description.
Hi, I'm Teddy, man.
I'm here to play Santa.
Nice try, bud. They got a Santa.
But I got a text though.
Tito, I got this.
- Teddy?
- Yeah.
Right this way.
This way.
All right, not really sure
what they have planned.
- Oh my God, is that Kirstin?
Uh, yep, that would be her.
And Mitch!
Mm-hm. Her and him.
- It's Kevin!
Yeah.
- Oh, snap! There goes Matt.
- Yeah, well aware.
Oh my God, this is too much.
Wait, wait, wait.
Where's Scott?
Who's asking?
- Oh!
I'm just kidding.
You guys, Santa Claus has arrived.
Oh, hey!
Oh, Santa!
- Hey.
- I can't believe this, man.
Oh, wow.
Oh, what happened here, Santa?
You been tussling with an angry reindeer?
Whoa!
Ha, ha!
Reindeer 'cause I'm Santa!
It's not that funny.
- They're just messing with you.
It was absolutely not funny.
♪ Not funny at all ♪
They do this constantly.
Okay, I get it.
That kiss.
It happened. But Airport James.
Successful, attractive,
probably wealthy,
and Teddy is... sweet.
Teddy is more than just that.
Okay, okay, he can cook.
He's kind and considerate and smart.
And his family is hilarious,
and they're just so full of love.
And his mom is adorable.
Uh, when I left,
she hugged me like I was her own.
And I guess when Teddy kissed you...
The world just melted away.
Oh my God.
I am head over heels for Teddy.
The universe
hasn't been leading me to James.
All the signs are pointing to Teddy.
Here's the thing.
- We know you're not Santa. Reggie's Santa.
- Hi, Reggie!
What's up, Reggie.
Looking good.
Honestly, we needed an excuse
to get you here because we need to know.
Do you like Layla?
- Come on.
- Wait. How did y'all--
Oh, we're in it. We've been following
the whole thing... [chuckles] ...very closely.
Oh yeah, you sounded like 710 DMs.
We're not just reading the text,
we're reading the subtext.
Yeah, and call us Sherlock Holmes.
And the emojis?
You couldn't have been more obvious.
So we have to know.
Do you have feelings for this girl?
Because if you do, she shouldn't be
out there with another guy tonight.
- Let's go. Come on.
Roxy, tell me I'm not crazy
going after Teddy.
Oh, girl, you crazy.
But you're crazy in love.
Layla, go. Get your man.
♪ I've seen this room
And I've walked this floor ♪
♪ I used to live alone before I knew ya ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ And I've seen your flag
On the marble arch ♪
♪ And love is not a victory march ♪
♪ It's a cold
And it's a broken Hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Well, maybe there's a God above ♪
♪ But all I've ever learned from love ♪
♪ Was how to shoot somebody
Who outdrew ya ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ And it's not a cry
That you hear at night ♪
♪ It's not somebody who's seen the light ♪
♪ It's a cold
And it's a broken Hallelujah ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ Mmm-mmm-mmm ♪
So you're sure this is
how you want to do this?
Absolutely.
She loves grand gestures,
so I gotta go big.
Well, Santa's basically a cameo
during "Here Comes Santa Claus."
You're just gonna slide down the chimney
and throw out a couple "Ho-Ho-Ho's."
- It's not that complicated.
- Cool.
And Reggie's cool with this?
I'm pretty sure Reggie's been drunk
since three o'clock this afternoon.
Trust me, he's fine.
Luckily, wardrobe had a backup costume,
because yours was soaked,
and you do not want to wear his.
You need a beard.
By the way, um,
I'm also looking for this guy named Teddy.
Uh, he's supposed to play Santa.
Uh, great smile.
You don't notice at first,
then you look again, you're like,
"Wow. You're really hot."
You think I can find him faster backstage?
Sure, if you're...
- Great, thanks.
- Actually allowed backstage!
- Oh!
Oh, I'm sorry.
James.
Wow, okay, you're here.
Okay, listen, you're not gonna
wanna hear what I have to say,
but I'm just gonna say it, okay?
I'm sorry. I'm in love. But not with you.
I thought I was with you,
but it's with someone else,
someone who is amazing.
Not to say that you aren't.
Believe me, I have spent days
imagining that you are amazing.
But I know that Teddy is.
That's the guy, Teddy.
And, um, I need to find him
and tell him how I feel.
Now, I don't want you to be disappointed
because I'm not your person.
She or they are out there somewhere,
and you are gonna find her.
And I have to find Teddy.
I'm sorry, James. Merry Christmas.
♪ Meet me next Christmas ♪
Sorry, love.
Traffic.
- Baby.
- Mm.
♪ La-la-la-la ♪
- ♪ I've only got one wish ♪
- ♪ One wish ♪
- ♪ And it's a bit selfish ♪
- ♪ Selfish ♪
♪ But I keep thinking... ♪
Teddy!
- ♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
Teddy!
Oh! Uh...
I'm sorry.
I thought you were someone else.
♪ But I keep thinking
Maybe you can meet me next Christmas ♪
- ♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
♪ I do not mind driving through the snow ♪
♪ No flight delay can stop me ♪
♪ Know that I will do whatever it takes ♪
♪ To hold your hand on Christmas day ♪
♪ What do you say? Meet me... ♪
Right this way.
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ I see some mistletoe... ♪
Here we are.
♪ Right up above you... ♪
Whoa! I'm not getting in that thing!
Uh, yeah, you are.
How else do you expect
to get into position?
Where's my position?
Up on the housetop.
Quick, quick, quick.
That's how you slide down the chimney.
Oh...
♪ It's true, it's you I miss ♪
- ♪ So, baby ♪
- ♪ Maybe you can meet me next Christmas ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ I don't wanna hear the radio ♪
♪ No jingle-bells... ♪
Oh, whoa, it's coming down.
♪ I can't hit the same notes ♪
♪ So now I'm flippin' through my pop set ♪
♪ You already know ♪
♪ Meet me next Christmas... ♪
Come on.
Okay. What do you mean?
This ticket came directly from Pentatonix.
Doesn't it get me everywhere?
It does not.
- ♪ Won't you meet me next Christmas? ♪
- ♪ Driving through the snow ♪
♪ No flight delay could stop me ♪
♪ Know that I will do whatever it takes ♪
♪ To hold your hand on Christmas day ♪
♪ What do you say?
Meet me next Christmas ♪
♪ Meet me, meet me ♪
- ♪ La-la-la-la-la ♪
- ♪ Meet me next Christmas ♪
- ♪ Meet me ♪
- ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Meet me, meet me next Christmas ♪
- ♪ Oh, yeah, next Christmas ♪
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Here we go.
♪ Here comes Santa Claus
Here comes Santa Claus ♪
♪ Right down Santa Claus Lane ♪
♪ Right down the lane... ♪
But I know that Teddy is back there.
He said he was gonna play Santa,
and this guy keeps his word, okay?
The only reason why he's doing it
is so I can meet some other man.
But I don't wanna meet him.
I wanna meet him.
It's fate.
What?
Oh. Oh...
Whoo...
Whoo!
- Uh, I think you want to go that way.
- No.
I-- I do not want to go that way.
♪ Jingle-jangle... ♪
Oh!
- Go!
- Stop waving at me. I am not an airplane.
♪ Oh, here comes Santa Claus
Here comes Santa Claus ♪
♪ Right down Santa Claus Lane ♪
♪ He'll come around when chimes ring out
It's Christmas morn' again ♪
♪ Peace on Earth will come to all
If we just follow the light ♪
♪ So let's give thanks to the lord above
'Cause Santa Claus comes tonight ♪
♪ Ba-da-ba-da
Santa Claus comes ♪
♪ 'Cause he's coming ♪
♪ Santa Claus comes ♪
♪ Santa Claus is coming ♪
♪ Santa Claus ♪
- ♪ Santa, Santa ♪
- ♪ Claus ♪
♪ Santa Claus coming tonight ♪
♪ Uh, tonight? ♪
I can't. I can't. I can't.
It's still moving.
It looks like, uh,
Santa might have got stuck.
- Um...
Let's help him out.
- Let's help. Everyone, sing along, okay?
- Come on!
Maybe if we all, uh...
Awesome, let's do it.
- All right, sing as loud as you can.
- Let's help him out.
Here we go!
♪ Here comes Santa Claus
Here comes Santa Claus ♪
♪ Right down... ♪
I thought this was about love,
and you wanted a grand gesture.
It is. It is, but-- But...
♪ Bells are ringing, children singing
All is merry and bright ♪
♪ So hang your stockings
And say your prayers ♪
'♪ Cause Santa comes tonight ♪
You wanna give this woman a grand gesture,
or do you wanna come down?
I want to come down.
- Okay. Okay.
I wanna come down!
- Oh!
Ho-ho-ho?
Santa, everybody.
- You got this, Teddy.
Yes, I got this.
Thanks, Scott.
I got it. I got it.
Sorry for interrupting the concert.
- Even though it's Christmas...
- Teddy. Your suit.
Oh.
Look at that.
- Yes, Teddy.
These guys are so cool.
They decided to play Cupid, and...
They wanted me to make a great impression,
so they got me something special to wear.
- You have to, okay?
Layla.
I know I'm not the one
you were looking for.
Wait.
I also know you're out here in the crowd...
Do you hear that?
...with the guy you think is the guy...
Remember all that romance and fate stuff
you were talking about?
He's talking about me! Me! I'm Layla.
- I finally get it.
Because I believe fate brought me to you.
What do you need?
Uh-- Um-- A driver's license? Um...
Utility bill? Credit card?
What I need is a backstage pass.
Layla.
You make me feel like I can do anything.
You change the way
that I view the universe.
Come on, it's Christmas.
He's calling me up.
I'm all about love, but he's not my boss.
Your ticket works, but in the front.
- I'd run.
I'm not gonna lie.
I kind of thought you were crazy
when I heard
that you were chasing after this guy
after knowing him for two to three hours,
but I've only known you
for about a day and a half,
and I'd chase you... for a lifetime
if that meant that I could have you.
If you at all feel...
like how I feel,
I want to invite you up here with me
and your favorite
musical group of all time.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
- But I have to go in.
- Not until intermission.
- Sure.
- Mm-hm.
- Wait. Where you going? Stop!
- I'm sorry!
Whatever. They don't pay me enough.
Layla?
It was worth a shot.
Teddy!
I do feel the same!
Layla?
Oh my God.
I could hear everything you said.
Did you hear that besides you being
the most amazing,
beautiful, considerate person,
you're making me reconsider everything,
from opening up my restaurant to...
finally trusting in the universe?
I'm reconsidering everything too.
Look, I realize what I want in my person.
It's who you are.
Wow.
I guess that kiss
really did mean something.
I guess so.
Hi, I'm sorry to interject,
but after all of this,
I feel like
we need more than "I guess so."
Yeah, I'm thinking you're gonna
have to be, I don't know, certain?
Yeah, we're way too invested
for any doubt.
Mm-hm.
When we had that kiss,
did the world melt away for you?
Not the world.
My whole universe.
Layla and Teddy,
come join us on stage for this song.
Another round of applause
for these two lovebirds.
Love is in the air tonight.
Babe, that's--That's-- That's...
That's the girl from the airport.
That was so beautiful.
- Could have let her in the back.
- Yeah.
♪ The snow is fallin'
The fire's warm ♪
♪ The bells are callin'
Think I know what for ♪
♪ It's the perfect scene ♪
- ♪ A feeling so evergreen ♪
- ♪ Evergreen ♪
♪ A special someone is on the way ♪
♪ To meet me here at half past eight ♪
- ♪ Half past eight ♪
- ♪ Is it the twinkly lights? ♪
- ♪ Or the stars in my eyes? ♪
- ♪ In my eyes ♪
♪ Don't keep me waiting
'Cause I can't be patient anymore ♪
♪ Anticipating, tell me
Who has stopped the clock ♪
♪ I've hung my stocking
And my baby's knocking at my door ♪
♪ Knock, knock, knock ♪
♪ I'm begging you ♪
♪ Please, Santa, please ♪
♪ Make my dreams
Underneath the tree come true ♪
♪ Won't you make my love
My dreams come true? ♪
- ♪ Don't go makin' my Christmas blue ♪
♪ Cause there's only one wish
On my list ♪
♪ It's a kiss underneath the mistletoe ♪
♪ Can't we kiss under the mistletoe? ♪
♪ So won't you make my holiday?
Santa, I don't wanna wait 'til next year ♪
♪ Please, oh Santa, please ♪
♪ With two hot chocolates
And rosy cheeks ♪
♪ I'm wearing my heart on my sleeve ♪
♪ The magic is all around ♪
- ♪ Like a movie from Tinseltown ♪
- ♪ Tinseltown ♪
♪ We're gettin' closer
And my feet are floating off the floor ♪
♪ Goin' door to door
Singing fa-la-la-la, fa-la-la-la ♪
♪ We're all alone ♪
♪ And it's the moment
I've been waiting for ♪
♪ I'm begging you ♪
♪ Please, Santa, please ♪
♪ Make my dreams
Underneath the tree come true ♪
♪ Won't you make my love
My dreams come true? ♪
- ♪ Don't go makin' my Christmas blue ♪
♪ 'Cause there's only one wish
On my list ♪
♪ It's a kiss underneath the mistletoe ♪
♪ Can't we kiss under the mistletoe? ♪
♪ So won't you make my holiday?
Santa, I don't wanna wait 'til next year ♪
♪ Please, oh Santa, please ♪
♪ The mood is right
I don't need presents ♪
♪ Just one kiss and I'll be in heaven ♪
♪ So if you're listening ♪
♪ There's only one thing I'm missing ♪
♪ Please, Santa, please ♪
♪ Make my dreams
Underneath the tree come true ♪
♪ Won't you make my love
My dreams come true? ♪
- ♪ Don't go makin' my Christmas blue ♪
♪ 'Cause there's only one wish
On my list ♪
♪ It's a kiss underneath the mistletoe ♪
♪ Can't we kiss under the mistletoe? ♪
♪ So won't you make my holiday?
'Cause I don't wanna wait 'til next year ♪
♪ Please, won't you do it? ♪
♪ So won't you make my holiday? ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't wanna wait
'Til next year ♪
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ The red and green lights spin some more
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ So come on
Get what you're asking for ♪
♪ Baby, baby, make my heart go crazy ♪
♪ We'll take a sleigh ride to the club ♪
♪ Dance, boy, dance, boy
Put me in a trance, boy ♪
♪ Next to the Christmas tree
We'll feel the love ♪
♪ We only get this chance one time ♪
♪ Of the year ♪
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ The red and green lights spin some more
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ So come on
Get what you're asking for ♪
♪ All night, all night
We gonna wait up all night ♪
♪ 'Til Christmas morning
And the party don't stop ♪
♪ Then open mine first
I'm gonna make your bubble burst ♪
♪ We'll keep it rockin'
'Til the music drops ♪
♪ We only get this chance
One time of the year ♪
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ The red and green lights spin some more
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ So come on
Get what you're asking for ♪
♪ Down through the chimney
Up on the rooftop ♪
♪ You're hearing jingles
I'll make the beat drop ♪
♪ You'll get the presents
I'll get the eggnog ♪
♪ Oh, why don't I? ♪
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Dance floor ♪
♪ The red and green lights spin some more
Spin some more ♪
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Oh ♪
♪ So come on
Get what you're asking for ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ The red and green lights spin some more
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ So come on
Get what you're asking for ♪
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ The red and green lights spin some more
♪ It's Christmas time on the dance floor
Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ So come on
Get what you're asking for ♪